# recursive_integration

This is the recursive integration method used in the papers: Quantifying air-water turbulence with moment field equations and Numerical considerations for quantifying air-water turbulence with moment field equations. We highly recommend reading these two papers before using this code. NOTE TO USERS: If in the tau figure, the second zero (qcrit) does not equal 5, OR if the structure functions do not match observations in the displayed figure, then the user needs to change ld_1. If filling cascascades are used then a value of approx. 0.20 must be subtracted from the signigicant wave height calc bc the space filling approach does not dissipate energy. If the calculated significant wave height is too large as compared to observation data then try using more cascades to dissipate more energy. If using wind interpolation for spectral resolving model, use 4-7 cascades to generate full u10 and then average over a window that corresponds to the model time step. For instance, if time step is 1 minute, create the fully casacaded wind data using 4-7 cascades and then use the function U10 below and then avearge this result over 1 minute windows. Also, there is an offset between observations and calculations in the plot that must be taken into account. This offset must chage depending on the number of cascades and the month of observational data (the variable p_offset). Finally, in this program we use H = 1/De as an approximation, however, the correct way would be to calculate the graph dimension of the wind interpolation and then set H equal to H = 2 - Dg. The graph dimension of the wind can be calculated via the separate program fractal_dimension.m and the graph dimension of the fluctuation velocity can be calculated via fractal_dimension_vel.m.
